upload description and photo (#184)
expertanalytics/website: content/about/employees/francesco/index.md

---
title: "Francesco Pogliano"
date: 2024-10-01
resources:
  - name: photo
    src: francesco.jpg
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/francesco-pogliano/
email: francesco@xal.no
---

> Francesco holds a PhD in experimental nuclear astrophysics from the University of Oslo, where he also continued as a postdoc before joining Expert Analytics. The subject of his PhD thesis was the extraction of nuclear properties from experimental data, and their use in astrophysical settings, such as the origin of heavy elements. This required knowledge not only in the underlying nuclear and astrophysics, but also Python programming, statistics, experiment planning and data analysis. He likes solving complex problems, developing algorithms, and enjoys visualizing and presenting data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Francesco holds a PhD in experimental nuclear astrophysics from the University of Oslo, where he also continued as a postdoc before joining Expert Analytics. The subject of his PhD thesis was the extraction of nuclear properties from experimental data, and their use in astrophysical settings, such as the origin of heavy elements. He acquired expertise in nuclear physics and astrophysics, but also Python programming, statistics, experiment planning and data analysis. He likes solving complex problems, developing algorithms, and has keen interest in visualizing and presenting data.
```

Author: Corrected in new version

<!--more-->

> Before his PhD, Francesco studied neutron stars at NTNU in Trondheim, Norway, and plasma physics at UiT in Tromsø, Norway. These are ßboth complex subjects blending topics such as general relativity, thermodynamics, electrodynamics, fluid dynamics, quantum many-body systems and quantum field theory. During his academic journey he developed skills in Python programming, data analysis, simulations of complex nuclear and astrophysical systems, error propagation and data visualisation, as well as teaching, team collaboration and science communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before his PhD, Francesco studied neutron stars at NTNU in Trondheim, Norway, and plasma physics at UiT in Tromsø, Norway. These are both complex subjects blending topics such as general relativity, thermodynamics, electrodynamics, fluid dynamics, quantum many-body systems and quantum field theory. During his academic journey, he developed skills in Python programming, data analysis, model simulations and data visualisation, as well as teaching, team collaboration and science communication.
```

Author: Corrected in new version
